I'm further up in the mullet shop the
guys at the Charles Neil's
forum we're looking for some gift ideas
well there's a stocking stuffer it's a
little toy top and it's made out of
scrap wood from your garage a little
wheel that you can buy at the hobby shop
a dowel rod and a piece of string and
you can make hunters of these things in
a weekend if you really put your mind to
it and here's how you make them the
first thing you do is draw your pattern
out on a piece of scrap wood I use this
one right here just something small
that's going to fit in your hand then
cut it out
the next thing I did is I took my little
piece that I cut it out and sanded it
down the road
okay now I've sanded it down to the size
that I need and I want to drill two
holes in it
this is going to be a one-inch hole all
the way through it and then dead center
of it up here on the top it's gonna be
nine thirty seconds drill bit a little
bit bigger than the quarter inch dowel
rod that I'm going to be using it's
going to go all the way through it this
way
okay now let's work on the top we've got
a quarter inch downrod and I went to my
pencil sharpener and just sharpen it
just like it was a pencil now on this
particular one I want this thing to be
three inches long and then I want to
drive my little wheel up onto the stick
until the bottom is one inch from the
tip my hole I'm going to drill is going
to be two inches from the tip once your
hold for the string be right here in
this in the center of your time these
natives River
okay take your piece of string and cut
it about 14 inches long the ends are
going to be a little frayed just like
that what you can do take you a little
bit of wood glue put it on the end and
rub it in real good let it dry all you
got left to do is a little bit of
sanding round the edges down take some
mineral oil and lube it up real good and
your tops ready to go take feed your
strength through the hole
wind it up
kind of hold the bottom of it with your
finger and give her a home
these things are so easy to make kids
love them to death that top will go
forever you spin it just right you got
cats they'll chase it all over to the
house and they have hours and hours of
fun and it does make a great little gift
I'm Ferb thanks for watching
you